Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord and welcome to our broadcast.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon and we're excited to be here.
We have some things on our heart.
There's a lot going on, and I say that every time.
But my goodness, we laugh about it because of all the things that are happening right now.
It seems like every time you turn around, there's something new going on.
I mean, the IRS is getting rid of 20,000 people.
Then we had the main IRS guy say he's quitting.
That's a big deal in America.
I don't know, that might not be a big deal to other nations right now because I know I'm talking to everybody, but here, it's like a circus on the news.
What is going on?
The stock market is still kind of teeter-tottery, but God's still on the throne.
He's not falling off and the sky is not falling.
All we know is that Jesus is coming and he's coming soon.
But I have a word of encouragement for y'all today.
One of my favorite passages in the Bible is Genesis 26.
There was famine in the land.
And I know that God told me—I feel in my spirit—'Brandon, I'm going to give you a window of opportunity before a major shaking takes place, a major opportunity for the body of Christ, the ones that are listening.
' And I'm praying for that opportunity.
Show us, Lord, what it is for the windows to open up over our household because I know what he's called us to do.
And we cannot do it in the natural without a surplus.
It's going to take the fishes and the loaves type of a miracle for what God has called Diana and I to do in these last days.
We talk about it and we pray about it.
I know we haven't stepped fully into what he's told us to do, but you don't start at a run.
You start to learn how to walk and jog first, right?
Most people try to run first.
It's time to apply some wisdom with this.
But I was thinking about the passage where there was famine in the land with Isaac, and he planted and he sowed in famine.
Just read that, honey.
I think it's just a blessing.
You can read the first couple of verses up here and then let's go down to verse 12.
'And there was a famine in the land other than the former famine that was in the days of Abraham.
And Isaac went to Gerar to Abimelech, king—I probably butchered that—Abimelech, king of the Philistines.
And the Lord appeared to him and said, "Do not go down to Egypt.
Live in the land of which I will tell you, dwell temporarily in this land, and I will be with you and will favor you with blessings for you and to your descendants.
I will give all these lands and I will perform the oath which I swore to Abraham your father and I will make your descendants...
"' So pause right there for a second.
A key to walking in the blessing is obedience.
Just right there: being where God has called you to be regardless of what you feel.
Don't go down to Egypt because that's probably where the hot spot was.
It's probably the major hub of all the finances back then.
Egypt was probably it, I'm sure.
So everybody was like, 'We got to go to Egypt because that's where the money's at.
' But he says, 'Stay where you are.
' And there's a famine in the land.
I'm sure Isaac was like, 'What?
Seriously?
' So he went down to the king Abimelech to the Philistines because he's like, 'We got to go try to make some trade deals or something.
' But going all the way down—because this is a big chapter—read verse 12.
That's my favorite.
'Then Isaac sowed seed in that land and received in the same year a hundred times as much as he had planted.
And the Lord favored him with blessings.
' I just thought if God did it for him, he'll do it every single time.
But he had to do something.
He had to sow the seed.
He didn't just sit back and wait for God to do it; he didn't just say, 'God, make it happen.
' He sowed the seed.
And just like we do, we sow into the offerings.
We sow into the church.
We sow into God's work.
In that sowing into what God has called you to do by being obedient to the word whenever he tells you to do it, he obeyed him.
He sowed and he stayed in the land where he was supposed to be.
And he sowed in famine whenever we see what's going on on the news right now.
The sky is falling, Chicken Little.
I mean, it's like trade wars.
Oh no, China's done something else—stopping the minerals and the magnets.
My goodness, it looks like a famine's trying to come on.
It looks like what I hear is that Warren Buffett has all this and what they're doing.
I get all these articles and it causes your flesh to shake a little bit.
Like I told you, if you're going horizontal, looking at everything right now in the natural, it makes you go, 'Whoa, a little shaky.
' I'm like, 'Hold on a minute.
' For what the Lord has blessed us with, you go, 'Should we bury it?
' You start thinking in the natural.
But you have to think in the spiritual because I'm going to tell you: sowing in famine sounds really dumb.
Why would you sow any seed when there's no rain?
There's drought; it's famine.
But he obeyed God.
He sowed in famine and he reaped.
Read it again.
What happened?
'Then Isaac sowed seed in that land and received in the same year a hundred times as much as he had planted.
And the Lord favored him with blessings.
And the man became great and gained more and more until he became very wealthy and distinguished.
He owned flocks, herds, and a great supply of servants.
And the Philistines envied him.
' Now, why would they envy him?
Because it didn't happen to the unjust.
They were jealous because their crops didn't turn around and reap a hundredfold.
They were going, 'What gives?
' and looking at him going, 'He's walking in the blessing and the favor of God's all over him.
' And he's doing exactly what God had called him to do in the famine.
The blessing and the favor of the Lord was on him in a supernatural way.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, if God would do that for Isaac in famine, how much more will he do it for you?
How much more will God bless your hands and whatever you put your hands to will it prosper if you just believe him?
If you put your boat into motion and not sit idly by and go, 'Well, where's my angel with the money sack?
' Isaac planted in famine.
But you have to be—bottom line—you have to be where God has called you to be.
You have to be doing what God has called you to do.
And if you are and you're in that place of obedience, blessing is behind the obedience.
So keep going, baby.
You can keep reading.
'Now all the wells which his father's servants had dug in the days of Abraham his father, the Philistines had closed and filled with earth.
' And that's jealousy right there.
They're going to fill all those wells up.
'We don't want you blessed, so we're going to fill your well up.
' There's always going to be somebody trying to fill your well up, trying to put dirt on your well coming out of you.
'Oh, that can't happen.
You'll never make it.
' Those are the well cover-uppers here.
We don't have actual wells that they try to block, but there's always somebody trying to speak doubt into your faith, telling you you can't do what God's told you you can do.
And don't you know there's famine out there, dummy?
But you have your eyes on God.
You're going vertical.
They filled the wells up.
Sorry for interjecting what the Lord said.
Abimelech said to Isaac, 'Go away from us, for you are much mightier than we are.
' So Isaac went away from there and pitched his tent in the valley of Gerar and dwelt there.
And Isaac dug again the wells of water which had been dug in the days of Abraham his father, for the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham.
And he gave them the names by which his father had called them.
Now Isaac's servants dug in the valley and found there a well of living spring water.
And the herdsmen of Gerar quarreled with Isaac's herdsmen, saying, 'The water is ours.
' And he named the well Esek, meaning contention, because they quarreled with him.
Then his servants dug another well and they quarreled over that also.
So he named it Sitnah, meaning enmity.
And he moved away from there and dug another well; for that one they did not quarrel.
He named it Rehoboth, meaning room, saying, 'For now the Lord has made room for us and we will be fruitful in the land.
' Yeah, but there are always going to be people trying to leech off your blessing too.
But there's so much abundance on you that it won't matter.
Now he went up from there to Beersheba, and the Lord appeared to him that same night and said, 'I am the God of Abraham your father.
Fear not, for I am with you, and I will favor you with blessings and multiply your descendants for the sake of my servant Abraham.
' And Isaac built an altar there and called on the name of the Lord and pitched his tent there.
And there Isaac's servants were digging a well.
Basically, a well is life.
Even in our time right now, a well brings forth life; it brings forth greenery.
Because if you don't have the fresh living water of the word coming up out of you, you're dry.
So even then, it's a type and shadow.
We've got to get in that river, that well coming up out of us, and have that going on in these last days in the time of famine.
There's a word famine going on too.
If you haven't noticed, there seems to be a word famine.
And we see that Isaac was determined to keep the wells open because he knew where the life came from.
He knew how much he had to have that living well.
How much more do we need that living well coming up out of us and having this freshness of this new fire?
It sounds like the Lord himself appeared.
It says the Lord appeared to him in the Old Covenant, y'all.
This isn't New Covenant.
How many of y'all know that Jesus will appear to you and will have a relationship with you?
But you think, 'Well, it's just for Brandon; it's just for Diana.
The Lord just appears to them; He won't talk to me.
' He's no respecter of persons.
And I want to tell you all, from what I have seen coming, you better get Genesis 26 down inside of you, understanding that we can sow in famine.
And not only can we sow in famine, but we can reap a hundredfold that same year because God is with us.
Is God with you?
I'm going to say it: God is with me, and He is with Diana, and He is with Braden, and He is with my daughters.
He is with us.
If God is for me, who can be against me?
If goodness and mercy are chasing me down—the Bible says, 'Then goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
' If goodness and mercy are following us and the blessing of the Lord is following you—from what I have seen coming, we have a window, and I'm still praying over that window.
I am like, 'Devil, you aren't holding back my blessing.
Let go of my money that God has called for us to have.
' And you get the Holy Ghost; He gives us creative ideas to do it.
And whatever He tells you to do, like I said before, do it.
Like Mary, who said, 'Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
Fill up the pots with water.
' Look at Elijah telling the widow, 'Make me a piece of cake with the last grain that you have and prepare it for me.
' And guess what happened?
She did it, but it was the last of what she had.
And then he told her to go get all the pots that she could find.
Why?
Because you sowed in famine.
And now guess what?
Get ready to reap your hundredfold return.
And all the pots she could find filled up with oil, so much so that she had enough to pay the debt.
She had enough to do everything she needed to do.
She had a surplus.
Do you know we serve a God of the surplus?
We serve a God of the running over.
We serve a God of the overflow.
He's not just a 'barely getting by' God.
He's a hundredfold return God.
You sow in famine when it doesn't make any sense to sow it.
And you've got the Philistines and you've got Wall Street and you've got whoever they are around you looking at you and going, 'How in the world is he thriving in an economy like this?
How is he thriving in an economy like what's going to come?
' From what I told you, like the 1930s.
You say, 'Well, can we stop that?
' No.
There are going to be dark, dark days.
I've told you this.
The horses are riding.
And most people go, 'When is that happening?
' Just look around you.
Who knows?
But I'm going to tell you, I'm always going to have my eyes fixed on Him, listening to Him, not worried about when, when, when.
I don't need to worry about when.
All I need to do is keep staying vertical and listening to Him.
And He will tell me when to plant the seed.
He will tell me when to give.
He's not going to let me sit by and go, 'Well, you didn't give it a couple of weeks ago when I told you to, so you're going to starve.
' That's not the kind of God we serve.
If He takes care of the lilies of the field and He takes care of the sparrows of the air, how much more—if He took care of the widow with the son and the debts and all the things that He's done in the past?
They honored the man of God and they did what he said to do more than one time.
And then we see Isaac having a blessing like this.
You see all these beautiful testimonies in this beautiful book that God's given us.
And I just wanted to encourage you all today with all the things that are going on right now.
And they say it's a new economy and they're trying to do all this new stuff.
All I want you to know is that it might get darker before it gets light.
But I know that if we're in that place of famine, He'll do the same for us.
It may all be a complete meltdown of the economy in the days ahead.
Might be.
But if Isaac can sow in famine and reap a hundredfold that same year, how much more is our God able to do it for us?
Because we have a better covenant.
His was with Abraham.
He was just lining up with what his dad did, Abraham.
And that was a great covenant still going on today.
But we have a covenant, a better covenant, and it's with Jesus's blood.
This week is Holy Week.
Tomorrow is almost Easter or Good Friday or whatever is coming.
And you know what?
We're in a time of great thanksgiving, and great blessing is on our households.
I believe that Jesus paid the price for every single one of you to not just walk in the blessing of finances, but to walk in health, wholeness, wellness, mental clarity—not a foggy mind, not a demonic mind, not torment in your sleep, not anything the devil has tried to throw at you.
God is going to turn it around for good in your favor.
I believe that what the devil meant for bad, God is going to turn it around for good.
And you may turn around and go, 'Goodness and mercy, that's what you need to.
' You turn around.
That's what you're doing.
You turn around, you're looking and you're saying, 'Goodness and mercy is following me, devil, all the days of my life, and I'm going to dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
' So, you have taken your best shot, but I command sevenfold what you stole.
And I believe in that same year right now a hundredfold return over the seeds I've sowed.
I've given and I've sowed, and the Bible says, 'Whatsoever a man soweth, that will he also reap.
' Good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give into your bosom.
I believe that in famine my hands are going to prosper.
So I don't care what the economy says.
I don't care what the stock market says.
I don't care if there's a supply chain gap and there's no medicines, there's no whatever.
All I know is that God is able.
I've yet to say my God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all I could dare ask or think.
I believe that I'll be the head and not the tail.
Deuteronomy 28 is another one of my favorite books and chapters.
I read Deuteronomy so much that I go outside with it, lay hands on all the clothes on eBay, and I quote Deuteronomy 28 over it to the point where the neighbors are thinking, 'What is going on with this guy?
' I'm not kidding.
I yell it and I go out there and lay hands on every toe because he said, 'Whatever you put your hands to'—Deuteronomy 28.
'If you will listen diligently to the voice of the Lord your God, being watchful to do all his commandments, which I command you this day, the Lord your God will set you high above all the nations of the earth.
And all these blessings shall come upon you and overtake you if you heed the voice of the Lord your God.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you be in the field.
Blessed shall be the fruit of your body, and the fruit of your ground, and the fruit of your beast, the increase of your cattle, and the young of your flock.
Blessed shall be your basket and your kneading trough.
Blessed shall you be when you come in, and blessed shall you be when you go out.
The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon you in your storehouse and in all that you undertake.
All that you put your hands to, everything.
' Deuteronomy 28, folks.
Get it down and say, 'I believe it.
Everything I put my hands to will prosper.
' Yes, I just believe it.
Keep going.
It's my favorite.
'And he will bless you in the land which the Lord your God gives you.
And the Lord will establish you as a people holy to himself, as he has sworn to you, if you keep the commandments of the Lord your God and walk in his ways.
And all the people of the earth shall see that you are called by the name and in the presence of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of you.
' Pause.
That's one of the verses the Lord said, 'I'm going to blow on this verse even more.
' And they will see that you're called by name.
They will see that you're called by my name and in the presence of the Lord.
And they will be afraid of you because the glory is on you.
And it would freak you out if you saw someone glowing.
They're going, 'Whoa,' well, they're not afraid because it's like you have a haughtiness; they are afraid because they feel they see Jesus on you and it causes them to tremble because the anointing of the Holy Ghost is on you in a special way, and they're going to look at you and go, 'What is different?
' I'm telling you what, that lady freaks me out because her eyes are glowing with the glory.
They just see something because the presence of the Lord is convicting.
It draws them in.
Read it again.
This is my favorite.
'And all the people of the earth shall see that you are called by the name and in the presence of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of you.
And the Lord shall make you have a surplus of prosperity through the fruit of your body, of your livestock, and of your ground in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
' Yes.
Surplus.
See, that's overflow.
That's not like, 'Well, we just got a little bit in the bank.
' No, surplus.
If God gave them surplus, how much more will he give us surplus?
You've got to think that way.
He's a surplus God.
It's good.
'And the Lord shall open to you his good treasury, the heavens, to give the rain of your land in its season, and to bless all the work of your hands.
And you shall lend to many nations, but you shall not borrow.
And the Lord shall make you the head and not the tail, and you shall be above only, and you shall not be beneath, if you heed the commandments of the Lord your God, which I command you this day, and are watchful to do them.
' Now, think about that.
You couldn't stop there because you'll lend to many nations.
Now, what kind of money does it take to lend to a nation?
It's not, 'Well, we had a hundred extra dollars to give to you, Mr.
Egypt,' or whatever nation it was.
No, it was a surplus.
It takes a lot of money.
It costs billions.
Ask the United States government, who is 36 trillion in the hole.
Not just a little bit.
We've lent to many nations, but we've borrowed.
That's staggering.
But praise the Lord, that's not our problem.
We don't have to worry about that thirty-six trillion.
Thank you, Jesus.
Well, let's take communion on that note.
I just try to encourage you.
I want you to believe with all the things that are going on in this beautiful season, this Holy Week, to believe for bigger, to believe and stretch yourself out there for bigger.
God has not fallen off his throne.
He's not lost it.
He didn't have to sacrifice ten cows or sell ten cows.
God has the cattle on a thousand hills.
He didn't go up there and say, 'Jesus, we've got to sell ten thousand head of cattle because Brandon needs some money.
' He didn't say it about you either.
'Well, we better go dig up some of our gold street up here and go to the pawn shop, Jesus, and cash some of those bricks in at the pawn shop.
' He didn't say that.
He is a God of more than enough.
And I want you to believe him for bigger today.
I want you to stretch out your faith.
George Mueller said he had to start believing the Lord when he had the orphanages and he did all the things he did, and that was in the 1800s.
He would believe God for a dollar.
He got his faith built all the way up to believe him for a million bucks all the time—to be able to believe for a million dollars for his orphanages and get it in.
But you had to start your faith somewhere.
So, don't get discouraged whenever you don't have the faith right now to believe for, you know, $100,000.
Start somewhere.
Start believing God for a dollar today.
Believe God for something supernatural just with a dollar if that's where your faith is at.
But don't look down on it because the Bible says that everybody has been dealt the measure of faith.
It is what you do to grow your faith.
You feed your faith by reading the word and then you exercise it.
If you don't, then you can't complain about your faith staying small.
But you can't say Brandon's face is bigger than mine.
Folks, it has all been a work in progress.
I look at other people and I go, "Man, I have so far to go in my faith to believe for more, extra, and overflow.
" But I know that it all comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
It doesn't come any other way.
You say, "Well, if I see somebody get raised from the dead, that's going to increase my faith.
" No.
Within a couple of weeks, you'll start doubting it.
"Well, did I really see that?
" But the only way your faith grows is not by seeing; it's by hearing.
People say, "Well, if I see miracles and these things, then I'll believe.
" No, it's by hearing.
The Bible said it, so I'm just going to believe what the Bible says.
Faith comes by not seeing.
He didn't say by seeing; it said by hearing.
It didn't say hearing it once.
We've got to hear it so many times that it feels like to your flesh you're going, "I don't need to hear this anymore.
I've already heard this.
" No, you need to hear it again.
It's repetition.
Getting it down inside of your spirit.
If Isaac would have said, "Hey, I'm not going to plant my seeds," it took faith.
I'm telling you, when you're in drought and you're in famine and you're obeying God, trust me, anyone in their right mind in the natural, if you're putting seeds in the ground and there's famine in the land and no rain—and you know what famine does; it doesn't grow a hundredfold return—it takes faith to do that.
So, you have to do whatever the Lord tells you to do; do it, even if it doesn't make sense.
I know it's not going to always be easy, but you have to.
That's where your faith comes in.
Where is your chokehold?
Where is your chokehold of believing God?
I know where mine is at right now, and I'm trying to stretch myself to believe bigger.
Believe God for bigger today.
And that's where Diana and I are at.
We're believing God for bigger today.
It's time.
We're going to throw out our net just like Peter and believe for the big catch.
He said do it; throw it over.
You get a boatload of fish and you go, "What am I going to do with all these fish?
" Let's take communion and believe God right now for your supernatural turnaround.
Whatever you need, whatever it may be.
You may say, "Brandon, it's way huge.
In fact, we're so far in debt, I don't think we'll ever get out of this.
" No, I believe whatever you sow, that you will reap.
And I believe that God will turn around your circumstances within a 24-hour period if you just believe him for it.
I'll give you a creative idea.
I saw this little article about a little boy out digging in the yard.
He was playing with his daddy's metal detector and he found it in 2013.
He found an old little box of jewelry from the 1700s that was his carving, and the estimated value after he found this was $4 million.
$4 million American dollars is what this was worth by accident.
Just this little kid playing around the yard.
I'm telling you folks, there's hidden treasures in the fountains of the deep.
The Bible says there's hidden treasures and he will show you the hidden treasures in the deep where nobody's going to know where they are other than the Holy Ghost.
The Holy Spirit's going to be the one to tell you these things.
If you're listening, he may say, "Go over there in that spot in that field right over there, and there is a gold bar there that some pirate buried.
" The sky's the limit.
God is able to do this kind of stuff if you believe it.
If a fish can pay the taxes for Jesus out of a gold coin out of the fish's mouth, how much more can God produce a gold coin in the fish's mouth for you?
So, I just want to take communion with y'all and just believe big.
I just want you to have an expectation for the manifestation of the Lord this day, not five years from now, but start believing him for the now.
Believe him for the now and the healing in your body and the deliverance of your mind.
He came to set the captives free and all we have to do is reach out and grab it by faith.
I believe that we have the mind of Christ.
There's so many of you that are tormented in your mind.
You need to grab this beautiful book and you need to renew your mind.
The only thing that's ever going to set you free is the word of God.
You can go your whole life and listen to all these psychiatrists, all these medicated pills, all these little talks on the internet trying to find something to soothe your soul.
But I'm telling you, it's going to take renewing your mind daily.
Act like this is medicine.
Take this like a prescription.
How many times does a doctor tell you to take a pill?
Maybe you have to take it twice a day.
Some people who are diabetic have to eat and take it several times.
How many times do you feed your spirit?
You feed your flesh three times a day.
You should feed your spirit three times a day.
Get this beautiful book and renew your mind with it.
It is a lamp unto your feet and a light into your path.
I believe this word of God will change you from the inside out.
Find a sermon by Kenneth Hagin or somebody and let them preach the word to you.
That's what we do.
Diana and I, we go, "Man, I feel my tank's a little empty.
Let's go fill it up.
" Find a good sermon on YouTube.
We type in "faith" or something by Kenneth Hagin and we put it on, or find an old Oral Roberts book and she'll read to me.
By the time she's in the fourth or fifth chapter of that book, I feel filled up.
You have to be active.
You can't just be lackadaisical about it.
Nobody is lackadaisical about going to the dinner table and eating.
You go in there aggressive.
"Give me another helping of those mashed potatoes," especially if you're hungry.
Your flesh starts screaming, but your spirit is quiet.
Ask the Holy Spirit to let you be conscious of your spirit.
Help me to be conscious of my spirit and knowing when I'm spiritually hungry that I don't ignore my spirit today.
Because the spirit man is the most ignored thing about you.
A lot of you have weak, anemic little bodies spiritually and you're going, "I can't fight the devil off.
" He comes and you're just swinging your little sword spiritually, trying to fight off this big devil and you've got this little weeny arm because you're anemic and haven't been feeding.
But if you look like Arnold Schwarzenegger in the spirit realm and you go up there and say, "I tell you what, devil," leapfrog you and cut his head off.
I mean, seriously.
But it's going to be the one who has the muscles.
How do you get muscles spiritually?
By feeding on the Word, praying in the Spirit, getting in books.
I'll keep preaching.
Father, I just thank You for this body.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace is upon You, and with Your stripes, we're healed.
Thank You for this week, Lord.
Thank You for the Resurrection Sunday that we have before us.
Thank You, Lord, that we are healed and whole and well by Your stripes.
Thank You, Lord, that we're delivered, Father, from satanic oppression because of what You did on that cross.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for everything You've done and everything You're going to do.
And Lord, we thank You right now in Jesus' name.
And Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood over our life, over our sin, over our household, over our car, our finances, everything we do.
God, I thank You, Lord.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And we cover ourselves in the blood from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we thank You, Lord, for the blood of Jesus right now.
We thank You, Lord, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name, Lord.
We just want to praise You.
Thank You, Lord.
You've been so good to us.
Lord, we praise You.
We worship You, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
Thank You, Father, for a good day today.
Thank You, Lord, for a good weekend.
Thank You, Lord, for Easter.
Lord, we lift up Easter services before You, God, that everything the devil has planned to kill, steal, and destroy, Father, You uncover it all.
And the very hole they've dug, the very pits they've dug, Father, to kill, steal, and destroy, they'll fall into it themselves.
I call confusion in the enemy's camp; just like Gideon, there was confusion and they turned on themselves.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the Red Dawn experiences and the things that You've showed me in this nation, the hidden sleeper cells, we call them all uncovered in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan of the wicked, we say you are uncovered.
We will not have any kind of demonic attack through terrorist activity over this nation.
We thank You, Lord, that the nation is covered by the blood and Homeland Security, the FBI, whoever it may be that protects us—our local law enforcement, the sheriff's department—will uncover it through leaks, through even, Father, through our citizens that are just paying attention and saying, 'Listen, there's odd activity going on over there.
' And Father, I thank You, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that none of our brothers or sisters—none of us—will perish.
Not one of them will be hurt on Easter Sunday.
There will not be anybody in any time, Father.
But I thank You, Father, for the holy day of Easter.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for all around the world, from Iraq to all the places that they serve and worship and have Easter service.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about every single church service.
We thank You, Lord, that Your angels are watching with swords and shields drawn.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We put angels.
We cover our homes.
We cover our houses.
We cover our property.
We cover us that no calamity, no evil comes nigh us.
We cover our marriages.
We cover our children.
We say that our marriages are strong.
Our marriage will last forever.
Father, we'll not have divorce; generational curses of having divorce in the marriage line are broken.
Father, that they'll live long and finish strong, that they'll not have short life.
Father, that You said with long life You would satisfy us and show us Your salvation.
And we're believing for at least 120 years.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for healthy, whole bodies from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet with no bad cholesterol, heart disease, Alzheimer's, dementia, strokes, diabetes, or whatever it may be—cancers.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that with long life and health, You'll satisfy us.
Father, I thank You that we don't go until we're satisfied with what You've given us on this earth.
That we say we're satisfied.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we are staying and we will finish the race with our hands lifted high, not with our heads lifted high and our hands fighting, saying, 'No, we're not going to let the devil knock us down.
' No, we go and we have a victory.
We go from victory to victory.
We're going from glory to glory to glory.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that my wife and my children say we're blessed.
We walk in divine health.
We walk in health that is sustained all the time.
We don't get sick.
We don't have sickness in this house.
We don't have disease in this house.
We have a covenant with a God who's able to keep us whole, who's able to keep us well, who's able to keep us prosperous, who's able to keep us mentally sound.
We don't have to be tormented in our minds with fear, worried about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take thought of itself.
We have our eyes on Jesus.
We have our eyes fixed on You.
And I thank You, Lord, that You're giving our president, President Trump.
And we thank You, Lord, that JD Vance is blessed and he has the mind of Christ, and these men are leading this nation.
And Father, we pray for Canada right now, that they're going to have a huge victory for the right.
The left is going away.
I thank You, Father, that this is a time like never before that we see the righteous vote.
They go out and vote.
We call Canada's vote 'too big to rig' too.
It's too much of a landslide victory that the politicians that are evil and corrupt that I saw with the bad voting, Father, they'll be exposed and they'll be brought to justice.
And Father, there will be too much of an outstanding cry for a turn in the Canadian government for them to rise up and say, 'We are done.
We are fed up with the way things are going with Justin Trudeau in the past and this new guy.
' Father, they'll say, 'We don't want this.
We want godly people.
We want godly character, and we won't be satisfied until we get it.
' Father, they'll turn this thing around and Canada will turn around in the name of Jesus.
We thank You from sea to shining sea.
Father, they'll have a revival over Canada in this voting session next week.
I believe it's next week or the next week, Father, on the 28th.
And Father, it will be a landslide victory, a landslide victory in the name of Jesus, like what we would call a red wave.
I thank You—I don't know what color they are—but Father, they call a red wave of victory for the Canadian people.
We thank You, Lord, for supernatural victory concerning the South Koreans.
Father, You said there's a vote coming for South Korea.
We call votes for South Korea to turn around.
That you will not go underneath the communist regime.
That you will rise up and vote like you're supposed to over your president, over your prime minister.
And we say in the name of Jesus, there is a God-fearing man coming in there, and they will not have a demonic spirit come over them from North Korea, that they will say 'we plead the blood and thus far and no further, Satan, and you will not have South Korea.
' You will not touch South Korea in the name of Jesus, making them a communist country.
We will rise up and put a standard against you with the blood of Jesus Christ.
And we thank you, Lord, that we apply that blood right now in the name of Jesus over South Korea.
We plead it over Taiwan and over these nations that are desperate for a move of God, over China, the Philippines, and all over Africa.
We thank you, Lord, for supernatural revival coming forth over South America, over Brazil, and over all of it.
Father, there's so much—Venezuela especially, Father, needs a move of God.
I thank you, Lord.
Father, that there would be a major harvest of souls beyond what this world has ever seen before.
And Father, there would be a harvest of souls; it would be so much that we won't be able to count them all in a day.
Father, I thank you when people say, 'Well, how many people got saved in your service?
' Well, we got a hundred.
No, there's so many that we can't count all of them because there's too many to count.
There's not enough time in the day to count everybody that got saved, that got delivered, that got healed, that got whole, that got well, and that got radically changed by the power of God.
We believe that this is the generation that will not taste death.
That will be the generation that says, 'Thus far and no further, Satan; we're going up with the rapture.
' This is the time like never before that we will soar and not go under; we will go over and above all that we ask or think because Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of us.
We thank you, Father, that this is the time, this is an outpouring—the outpouring of your Spirit, the outpouring of the overflow of the glory is coming like waters cover the sea.
We believe, Father, that this is a time like never before that we're going to see the outpouring of your Spirit: one last call, one last harvest of souls, one major push for revival that we will see an awakening unto God.
From coast to coast all around the world, we're going to see an awakening unto God, a shaking to awaken over America.
Thank you, Lord, for Israel.
Thank you, Lord, for the peace and these meetings that are ahead with our president and with Iran, that there will not be a major war break out in the Middle East, no matter how much we've seen war breaking out at a greater level.
Father, you said that we could call and ask.
So, we call for peace.
We call for your divine hand to be on the land.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your divine hand—that they would surrender and they wouldn't want nuclear weapons and they don't want to kill all the infidels they call Christians.
They don't want to kill all the Jewish people they call Zionists.
We're not going to have all that.
They can coexist in peace without having to kill people and do all the things of war.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your hand, your grace, and your mercy, for you said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And Father, we call forth a cleansing of the house, the house of the Lord.
Father, we would see a righteous people rise up and grab a hold of the pulpits.
And Father, we would see the young Davids, the young lion killers, go out there and say, 'Hey, we will serve the Lord.
' And 'Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he defies the armies of the living God?
' We are not going to be the people that shy away and say, 'Well, we're just like grasshoppers.
' But no, we're going to rise up and say, 'We're taking the land for Jesus.
' And Father, I thank you, Lord, that those are the kind of people we have: people who are not going to preach with honey on their lips and cockroaches coming out of their mouth.
But Father, they'll be the ones that rise up and say, 'Hey, you need to repent and turn before you burn.
' Father, I thank you, Lord.
They'll have a backbone behind the pulpit, a backbone like a crowbar—people that rise up and say, 'Hey, we know right from wrong,' and they preach repentance and the coming of the Lord like John the Baptist.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you're not done with America yet.
You're not done with this world yet.
We're calling for one more harvest, one more harvest of souls, one more glorious outpouring of your Spirit, one more touch of the fire of the Holy Ghost like we've never seen before.
And the greater works will we do, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the greater works we will do: touching our lives, touching our minds, and touching our bodies in a supernatural way.
Calling those things that be not as though they were.
Today we call those things that be not as though they were.
And we say, 'We are all healed.
We're all whole.
We're all well.
We're all delivered.
You all have the mind of Christ.
' We believe that.
And this will be a glorious, wonderful Easter as we celebrate the resurrection of our Savior.
We don't have to be bound by a devil's demonic stronghold anymore; Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory—not just barely getting by, but for you to walk in overflow.
We believe that.
You've got to believe what the word says about you.
I just thank you, Father, that you're stirring our ministers.
You're stirring our preachers, Father.
We don't want to stay the same.
We want to go from glory to glory to glory.
Lord, I don't want to be a person that is the same this time next year as what I was even last year.
God forbid we be the same even a week from now, when there's so much more for us to see, when there's so much more for us to hear and know in the revelations from the Holy Spirit.
Help us, Father, to know you more, to have a revelation of who you are more inside of us, to come up higher with the fire, to not stay stagnant, to put new wine in new wineskins, Father, and to keep ourselves pliable.
To keep ourselves pliable, Father, with the Holy Ghost and the washing of the water of the word; to keep us pliable, Father, with our garments.
We're ready.
Our lamps are full.
We're the virgins with our lamps full of oil, anticipating the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Not being like the virgins that would sit by and their lamps weren't full and knew when the bridegroom was coming and said, 'Well, we better go out and buy the oil now.
' No, we want to stay in that ready state.
We want to stay in the ready state, Father, and say, 'Jesus Christ, fill us to capacity overflow,' but not only for just us, but for us to take it to the nations.
Give me, Father, the glory, the honey glow all around me, God, that when people see me, they see you.
Help me, Father, to stand in the darkness and people see it and go, 'Man, Lord, you have more.
You've touched that man.
There's something different about that man.
' Lord, we thank you, Lord.
Father, for the Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of us.
I know you want to touch them more than we want to touch them.
I know you want revival more than what we want revival.
I know, Father, that you want these souls more than what we want these people to get saved.
You put it in our heart to even pray what we're praying right now.
You put it in our heart to even have the desire to want to go pray for these people.
It wasn't my idea.
You gave me the mind to do it and said, 'Brandon, this,' and put the heart in motion.
I'm telling you, Brandon in himself wouldn't want to do that; it has to be the Holy Spirit to inspire me to do it.
It has to be the Holy Spirit that inspired me to put this YouTube channel and to pray for you all and do what I do.
It's the Holy Spirit that does it.
So I just thank you that you increase it, Lord.
That you increase it.
I thank you, Father, that we increase it because we know you want it more than us.
You want to see—you said, 'I want—not one should perish.
' Not one should perish, but that all come to repentance.
All of them.
One lady said, 'Well, not everybody's supposed to get saved.
' That's not what the Bible says.
He wants that not one should perish.
Not one, but all come to repentance.
All.
All means all.
She goes, 'Well, you know, not everybody's going to—' Well, that might be so, but I'm believing God for the best.
I'm believing for all of them and that God would be able to snatch all of them out of hell.
He did not make hell for me; he made it for Satan.
And I'm not going to participate in something he made for somebody else.
I'm not taking his 'poo-poo package.
' I'm not taking it.
He made heaven for me, and I'm going to go to heaven.
I'm going to be in heaven.
I'm going to walk on the streets of gold.
I'm going to see what Jesus made for me, and I'm going to enjoy it for eternity.
Glory to God!
It's coming.
Father, we keep our lamps full of oil today.
We keep our hearts right before you today.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost and the fire on our lives, changing us from the inside out.
We're going from glory to glory to glory.
Amen and amen.
Do you all believe that today?
Was this encouraging to you?
I pray it was.
I pray this helped you to have some hope, to tell you that you can make it in famine like Isaac.
I believe, yes, the best is yet to come for the body of Christ.
Yes, there are dark days for the world, folks.
It's going to get so dark that you can touch it.
It'll be that dark.
But we're going to be so light in that darkness that it'll be moths drawn to a light.
People are going to be drawn to you.
But what are they coming for?
Are they coming for just some religious sermon, or are they going to come and get themselves set free?
We can teach them old religious Pharisee teaching, or we can tell them the truth of what Jesus Christ did for them.
There's a lot of religious stuff, but I don't want any part of it.
All I want to do is be like him.
And he wasn't religious at all.
He ticked the Pharisees off.
I want to tick the religious Pharisees off.
That's why a lot of the people don't want me on their shows to talk to me, because I'm not going to conform to what they want me to do and what they want me to say.
I'm not scripted.
I am not scripted.
I will only do what he tells me to do.
I will not be controlled by religion, and I will not be controlled by Christianity as a whole—modern Christianity, all this that I see out there, TV Christianity.
I will not be.
I will follow the voice of God and I'm radical about it.
I know I do not fit the normal mold of things; I've been told that recently.
But that's all right.
I want to walk with Jesus and I'll be like John the Baptist, eating locusts and honey in the wilderness, and we're going to get a bunch of people saved and we'll get out of there.
And when I get on the other side, and you're the janitor and you're cleaning my place, that's fine—because you didn't follow him on this side of the earth.
What you do on this side affects the other side.
Yes, it affects the other side.
You think that you are such a much over here and you've got this big ego over here—a lot of you, I've seen them—and you think, 'Well, I've arrived and I've got all this going.
' But you don't know that the last will be first and the first will be last.
I keep myself humble before him.
Regardless of how people try to pump you up and give you a big head about things, or tear you down, my eyes are only on him.
Diana's eyes are on him.
And that's why it's hard, because you get a lot of religious people that don't like you, especially in leadership, and they make it known.
But that's all right.
I say, 'Hey, I walk in love and we follow Jesus.
' We follow Jesus, and you don't have to put me on your show.
You don't have to do that because I only want to be where Jesus wants me.
You know, it's interesting.
I will not be in the mold of what people try to put me in.
'You do what we tell you to do.
You say what we tell you to say.
' Oh no, we will do what Jesus says to say.
And if you don't like that, that's fine.
You didn't want me on anyway.
You let the Holy Ghost move.
Yes.
And a lot of people don't want that.
And I thought they did.
I thought a lot more people did.
Boy, were we fooled.
Praise the Lord.
I don't know why I said all that, but it is what it is.
Click the subscribe button.
Show the world that we're alive and we're there.
Show them that the Christians mean business.
By you making YouTube channels grow like this, it shows the world that this is what you're wanting to hear.
The more the world's channels grow, they go, 'See?
That's what they want.
Advertise on those channels.
' Don't do it over here.
This is us saying something.
This is us sticking together.
You subscribing and clicking the notification bell—you're saying we want more content like this.
We want people like that praying and helping pray for their nation, versus whoever these—I'm not going to name a secular channel that's growing huge, you know, and they've got 100 million subscribers or 10 million and you go, 'Wow.
' And all they talk about is trash.
I want to talk about Jesus.
And I appreciate you being here today.
I truly do.
I appreciate your support.
Comment something nice down below for the algorithm.
And we appreciate it, y'all.
It really does help.
God bless you all and we just want to thank you.
Thank you for being here today.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.